c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\bin\Debug\DeNiro.exe.config
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\bin\Debug\DeNiro.exe
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\bin\Debug\DeNiro.pdb
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\DeNiro.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\addmovie.g.cs
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\movielist.g.cs
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\DeNiro_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\DeNiro_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\addmovie.baml
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\movielist.baml
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\DeNiro.g.resources
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\DeNiro.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\DeNiro.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\DeNiro.exe
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\DeNiro.pdb
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\homepage.g.cs
c:\users\emir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\homepage.baml
C:\Users\Emir\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\settings.g.cs
C:\Users\Emir\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\settings.baml
C:\Users\Emir\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\bin\Debug\DeNiro.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Emir\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\bin\Debug\DeNiro.application
C:\Users\Emir\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\DeNiro.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Emir\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DeNiro\DeNiro\obj\Debug\DeNiro.application
